We attach great importance to user privacy and personal information protection. When you use our products or services, we may collect and use your relevant information. We hope to achieve this through "Honyin"

"Private Policy" explains to you how we collect, use, and protect this information when you use our products or services. This privacy policy applies to all internet industries in which our game operates

If the platform has already released a separate privacy protection policy document applicable to the platform, this privacy policy will no longer apply to the platform. This privacy policy does not apply to other individuals

The services provided by a third party to you, such as when a third party on our platform relies on our platform to provide services to you, the personal information you provide to the third party is not applicable to this privacy policy,

We are not responsible for any third-party use of the information provided by you.


Before using our products or services, please carefully read and fully understand this privacy policy. After confirming full understanding and agreement, please use the relevant products or services. If you do not agree

You should immediately stop using our platform services for any content of this privacy policy. Once you start using our products or services, it means that you fully understand and agree to this privacy policy

Policy.


Part 1 Definition

You: The term "you" in this agreement specifically refers to users who use the products or services of our game and its affiliated companies.


Personal Information: The personal information referred to in this agreement refers to the information recorded in electronic or other forms that can identify a specific natural person's identity or reflect their activities, either individually or in combination with other information

Various information about the situation. The personal information referred to in this privacy policy includes: basic information; Personal identity information; Personal image, voice, and visuals.

Part 2 Privacy Policy

1、 How do we collect your information

We will collect and use your personal information for the following purposes as stated in this privacy policy:


（1） The information you provided us.

When you register an account on our platform or product, and the information you fill out or submit when using the relevant services we provide, please carefully consider uploading and publishing through our services

The content of communication and information. In some cases, you can control the range of users who have the right to browse your shared information through the privacy settings of certain of our services. If requested from our services

Please contact us to delete your relevant information.


（2） The information collected during your use of the service.

In order to better serve you, we will collect your relevant information, including:


When you use our platform's services or access platform web pages, we will automatically receive and record information about your browser, computer, mobile device, including but not limited to your IP address

Address, software and hardware feature information, and other data; If you download or use our or our affiliated company's client software, or access mobile web pages to use our platform's services, we may read

Retrieve information related to your location and mobile device, including but not limited to device model, device identification code, operating system, resolution, telecommunications operator, etc.


In addition to the above information, in order to improve service quality, we may also collect other information from you, including but not limited to the relevant information you provided when you contacted our customer service team

The questionnaire response information you sent us when participating in the survey, as well as the relevant information you provided when interacting with our affiliated companies and partners. At the same time, to improve your usage

To ensure the security of related services and more accurately prevent phishing website fraud and Trojan viruses, we may learn about your network usage habits.

（3） We obtained your personal information from a third party.

In order to provide you with better services or prevent internet crimes, our affiliated companies and partners will share with us your information in accordance with legal provisions or with your consent

Personal information of. And after you agree to this privacy policy, bind your third-party account to your account so that you can directly log in and use our products or services through the third-party account

. We will use your personal information in accordance with relevant laws and regulations after confirming the legality of the source of personal information in accordance with agreements with third parties.


2、 How we use information

In order to improve service quality, we may use your information for the following purposes:


1. Providing services to you;


2. Used for identity verification, customer service, security prevention, fraud monitoring, archiving, and backup purposes to ensure the security of the products and services we provide to you;


3. Recommend content that you may be interested in, including but not limited to sending you product, service information, or related advertisements, displaying personalized third-party promotional information to you through the system, or

Share information with our partners with your consent so that they can send you information about their products and services;


4. We may combine your personal information with other service information to provide you with more personalized service usage, such as allowing you to have a wider social circle

Use, share, or disclose as needed


5. Allow you to participate in surveys, promotions, and lucky draws related to our products and services;


6. Enable us to better understand how you access and use our services, in order to respond to your personalized needs, such as language settings, location settings, and personalized help services

Provide instructions or other responses to you and other users;


7. Software certification or management software upgrades;


8. Allow you to participate in surveys related to our products and services;


9. Other uses authorized by you.


3、 How do we share information

We assume a confidentiality obligation for your information and will not sell or rent out any of your information. We will only share your information with third parties under the following circumstances:


1. Obtain your consent or authorization in advance;


2. According to the provisions of laws and regulations or the requirements of administrative or judicial institutions;


3. Share your personal information with our affiliated companies;


4. Provide your personal information to trusted partners and have them take confidentiality measures against this information in accordance with our instructions and this privacy policy;


5. Only by sharing your information can you provide the services you need, or handle disputes or controversies with others;


6. If you violate relevant laws, regulations, or agreements or rules of our platform, you need to disclose them to third parties;


7. To safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of us and our affiliated companies or users.


4、 The use of cookies

To make your access experience easier, when you visit our platform website or use the services provided by our platform, we may identify you through small data files

This is to help you avoid the step of repeatedly entering registration information, or to help determine the security of your account. These data files may be cookies, Flash cookies, your browser, or closed

Other local storage provided by the application (collectively referred to as "cookies").



5、 How do we protect and preserve your personal information

To ensure the security of your information, we strive to take various reasonable physical, electronic, and management security measures to protect your information from being leaked, damaged, or damaged

Loss, including but not limited to SSL, encrypted information storage, and access control of data centers. We have also implemented strict management measures for employees or outsourced personnel who may come into contact with your information, including

Including but not limited to implementing different permission controls based on different positions, signing confidentiality agreements with them, monitoring their operations, and other measures. We will provide corresponding security measures based on existing technology

We will take comprehensive measures to protect your information and provide reasonable security guarantees. We will do our best to prevent your information from being leaked, damaged, or lost.




6、 Privacy Policy Special Provisions

You are fully aware that in the following situations, we do not need to obtain your authorization and consent to collect and use personal information:


1. Related to national security and social public interests;


2. Related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and enforcement of judgments;


3. For the purpose of protecting the significant legitimate rights and interests of personal information subjects or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain my consent;


4. The collected personal information is publicly disclosed by the individual information subject to the public;


5. Collect your personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;


6. We have taken necessary measures against you due to violating legal regulations or platform rules;


7. Necessary for signing the contract according to your requirements;


8. Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the provided products or services, such as discovering and dealing with faults in the products or services;


9. Necessary for legitimate news reporting;


10. When academic research institutions conduct statistical or academic research based on the public interest and provide academic research or descriptive results to the public, they shall remove personal information contained in the results

Identification processing;


11. Other situations stipulated by laws and regulations.


7、 Changes to Privacy Policy

We may revise the terms of this privacy policy in a timely manner, which constitutes a part of this privacy policy. If such revisions result in a substantial reduction in your rights under this privacy policy, we will

Before the revision takes effect, notify you by prominently displaying on the homepage, sending you an email, or other means. In this case, if you continue to use our services, it means that you have the same

Subject to the revised privacy policy.


8、 Jurisdiction and Legal Application

The establishment, effectiveness, performance, interpretation, and dispute resolution of this privacy policy shall be governed by corresponding laws and regulations, and the application of conflict of law norms shall be clearly excluded.


If you have any disputes or controversies with us, we should first resolve them through friendly consultation; If negotiation fails, you agree to submit the dispute or controversy to the internet court for resolution through litigation
